DoControl integration with DDOG (for integration extras tile) (#1323)
DataDog/integrations-extras: docontrol/README.md

# DoControl

## Overview

> This integration allows [DoControl](https://www.docontrol.io/) customers to forward their DoControl-related logs and events to Datadog through automated security workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration allows [DoControl][9] customers to forward their DoControl-related logs and events to Datadog through automated security workflows.
```

## Setup

> To set up this integration, you must have an active [DoControl account](https://www.docontrol.io/demo). You must also have proper admin permissions in Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up this integration, you must have an active [DoControl account][10]. You must also have proper [admin permissions][11] in Datadog.
```

Reviewer: Apologies for missing the link format issue on these in my first pass. Using reference links is helpful for the translation process, as mentioned in our contributing guidelines.
I've additionally added a link to the Datadog permissions section here. It's worth pointing out that `admin` permissions have been deprecated and replaced with more granular permission sets, as noted in the linked document. As such, it may be worthwhile to define which specific permission sets are required, but I'll leave that up to you.

### Installation

No installation is required on your host.

### Use Datadog actions in DoControl's workflows

You must create a Datadog API key and an application key to use as input parameters for Datadog actions in DoControl.

#### Create an API key in Datadog

> 1. Use Datadog's [Add an API key][2] documentation to create an API key. Give the key a meaningful name such as `DoControl`.
> 
> 2. Copy the `Key` and save it. This key is not accessible after exiting the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use Datadog's [Add an API key][2] documentation to create an API key. Give the key a meaningful name such as `DoControl`.
2. Copy the `Key` and save it. This key is not accessible after exiting the page.
```

#### Create a Datadog integration in DoControl

1. In DoControl, navigate to [Dashboard->Settings->Workflows->Secrets][4], and add your Datadog API key as a new secret.
   
   ![DC_Secrets](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/docontrol/images/DC_Secrets.png)

2. Create a new Workflow from a pre-established [**playbook**][5] or from [**scratch**][6].
   
   ![DC_WF_Create](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/docontrol/images/DC_WF_Create.png)

3. Design and edit your business logic by dragging and dropping actions onto the canvas, configuring the steps, and connecting them.

4. From the Actions bar, under **Utilities**, you can drag and drop Datadog actions into your Workflow, such as **Send logs** or **Create incident**.

   ![DC_Utils](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/docontrol/images/DC_Utils.png)
   
5. Configure the actions to refer to the DD-API-KEY stored as a secret in Step 1 above, and the DD-APPLICATION-KEY obtained in [Create an application key in Datadog](#create-an-application-key-in-datadog). 

> ![DC_DD_conf](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/docontrol/images/DC_DD_conf.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![DC_DD_conf](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/docontrol/images/DC_DD_conf.png)
```

> 6. Learn more about DoControl in the [DoControl documentation][7].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about DoControl in the [DoControl documentation][7].
```

Reviewer: Removing this from the list of steps as it's not required for setup.

   

## Support

Need help? Contact [Datadog support][1] or [DoControl support][8].

[1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/#add-an-api-key-or-client-token
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/#add-application-keys
[4]: https://app.docontrol.io/settings/workflows?tab=Secrets
[5]: https://app.docontrol.io/workflowV2/playbooks?filter=by_use_case&use_case=all
[6]: https://app.docontrol.io/workflowV2/workflow/new/workflow-editor
[7]: https://docs.docontrol.io/docontrol-user-guide/the-docontrol-console/workflows-beta/designing-and-editing-workflows/defining-workflow-and-action-settings#action-categories

> [8]: mailto:support@docontrol.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[8]: mailto:support@docontrol.io
[9]: https://www.docontrol.io/
[10]: https://www.docontrol.io/demo
[11]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/rbac/permissions/
```

# DoControl

## Overview

> This integration allows [DoControl](https://www.docontrol.io/) customers to forward their DoControl related logs and events to Datadog through automated security Workflows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This integration allows [DoControl](https://www.docontrol.io/) customers to forward their DoControl related logs and events to Datadog through automated security workflows.
```

## Setup

> To set up this integration, you must have an active [DoControl account](https://www.docontrol.io/demo) . You must also have proper admin permissions in Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up this integration, you must have an active [DoControl account](https://www.docontrol.io/demo). You must also have proper admin permissions in Datadog.
```

### Installation

No installation is required on your host.

> ### Use Datadog actions in DoControls workflows

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Use Datadog actions in DoControl's workflows
```

> You need to create a Datadog API key and an application key to use as input parameters for Datadog actions in DoControl.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must create a Datadog API key and an application key to use as input parameters for Datadog actions in DoControl.
```

#### Create an API key in Datadog

> After you create the API key, copy and save it because you are not able to access it later. For more information, see [API and Application Keys](https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/#add-an-api-key-or-client-token).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Be sure to copy and save your API Key as you will not be able to access it after exiting the page. For more information, see [API and Application Keys](https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/#add-an-api-key-or-client-token).
```
I would also move this section to underneath step 5.

2. From the left panel, click **API Keys**.

3. Click **+ New Key**.

>    ![Get_DD_API_Key](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/docontrol/images/Get_DD_API_Key.png)

Reviewer 2: I don't think this screenshot is correct, as the yellow box is highlighting "log out" rather than "organization settings"

> 1. Hover over your user name and select **Organization Settings**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In Datadog, hover over your username in the bottom left corner and select **Organization Settings**.
```

   ![Get_DD_API_Key](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/docontrol/images/Get_DD_API_Key.png)

4. Enter a meaningful name for the API key such as `DoControl` and click **Create Key**.

5. Copy the `Key` and save it. You need this key to create a Datadog integration in DoControl.

#### Create an application key in Datadog

> After you create the application key, copy and save it because you are not able to access it later. For more information, see [API and Application Keys](https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/#add-an-api-key-or-client-token).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Be sure to copy and save your Application Key as you will not be able to access it after exiting the page. For more information, see [API and Application Keys](https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/#add-an-api-key-or-client-token).
```
I'd also move this to beneath step 3

1. Hover over your user name and select **Organization Settings**.
2. From the left panel, click **Application Keys**.
3. Click **+ New Key**.

![Get_DD_Application_Key](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/docontrol/images/Get_DD_Application_Key.png)

#### Create a Datadog integration in DoControl

> 1. Obtain Datadog API key and Application key from [Datadog portal](https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys) as described above

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Obtain an API key and Application key from [Datadog](https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys) as described above.
```

> 2. In DoControl [Dashboard->Settings->Workflows->Secrets](https://app.docontrol.io/settings/workflows?tab=Secrets) add your Datadog API key as a new secret

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. In DoControl, navigate to [Dashboard->Settings->Workflows->Secrets](https://app.docontrol.io/settings/workflows?tab=Secrets), and add your Datadog API key as a new secret.
```

   ![DC_Secrets](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/docontrol/images/DC_Secrets.png)

> 3. Create a new Workflow from a pre-established [**playbook**](https://app.docontrol.io/workflowV2/playbooks?filter=by_use_case&use_case=all) or create one from [**scratch**](https://app.docontrol.io/workflowV2/workflow/new/workflow-editor)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Create a new Workflow from a pre-established [**playbook**](https://app.docontrol.io/workflowV2/playbooks?filter=by_use_case&use_case=all) or create one from [**scratch**](https://app.docontrol.io/workflowV2/workflow/new/workflow-editor).
```

   ![DC_WF_Create](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/docontrol/images/DC_WF_Create.png)

> 4. Design and edit your business logic by dragging and dropping actions onto the canvas, configuring the steps and connecting them

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Design and edit your business logic by dragging and dropping actions onto the canvas, configuring the steps and connecting them.
```

> 5. From the Actions bar, under **Utilities**, drag and drop Datadog actions, **Send logs** or **Create Incident**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. From the Actions bar, under **Utilities**, you can drag and drop Datadog actions, such as **Send logs** or **Create Incident**, into your Workflow. 
```

   ![DC_Utils](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/docontrol/images/DC_Utils.png)

> 6. Configure the actions with referring to the DD-API-KEY stored as secret (from step #2 above) and DD-APPLICATION-KEY obtained in step #1 above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Configure the actions to refer to the DD-API-KEY stored as a secret in step #2 above, and the DD-APPLICATION-KEY obtained in step #1 above.
```

> 6. Configure the actions to refer to the DD-API-KEY stored as a secret in step #2 above, and the DD-APPLICATION-KEY obtained in step #1 above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Configure the actions to refer to the DD-API-KEY stored as a secret in Step 2 above, and the DD-APPLICATION-KEY obtained in Step 1 above.
```

   ![DC_DD_conf](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/docontrol/images/DC_DD_conf.png)

> 7. Learn more [here](https://docs.docontrol.io/docontrol-user-guide/the-docontrol-console/workflows-beta/designing-and-editing-workflows/defining-workflow-and-action-settings#action-categories)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Learn more about DoControl in our [documentation](https://docs.docontrol.io/docontrol-user-guide/the-docontrol-console/workflows-beta/designing-and-editing-workflows/defining-workflow-and-action-settings#action-categories).
```

   

## Support

> Need help? Contact [Datadog support][1].

Author: Added
